chore: update data tags documentation (#419)
Telefonica/toolium: docs/bdd_integration.rst

* :code:`[ENV:xxxx]`: Value of the OS environment variable xxxx
* :code:`[FILE:xxxx]`: String with the content of the file in the path xxxx
* :code:`[BASE64:xxxx]`: String with the base64 representation of the file content in the path xxxx

In order to apply the string replacements in your code, import and call the corresponding function. E.g.::

.. code:: console

    from toolium.utils.dataset import map_param, replace_param

    mapped_param = map_param('[TOOLIUM:Driver_chrome_driver_path]')
    replaced_param = replace_param('[NOW - 1 MINUTES]')

> 
> Type inference
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
> 
> By default, the param replacements do not infer primitive types. To enable the type inference
> when using the `replace_param` function you have to add the following configuration:
> 
> .. code:: console
> 
>     [TestExecution]
>     infer_datatypes: true

Reviewer: I have realized this is also not true in toolium, it should remain in toolium-telefonica. Here is quite the opposite, so we could say something like this:
```suggestion
Please note that, by default, the `replace_param` function tries to convert the resulting value to a native Python datatype. If that does not work for you, do not forget to set the `infer_param_type` parameter to `False`.
```

* :code:`[BASE64:xxxx]`: String with the base64 representation of the file content in the path xxxx

This feature can be customized by defining your own map_param function, the same way as for replace_param, but again,
it is something not recommended unless very well justified.

In order to apply string replacements at code level, the following functions are available in the context:

.. code:: console

    context.map_param(parameter)
    context.replace_param(parameter)

These replacements and mappings are automatically applied to all the steps of the Toolium's catalogue.

The configuration and context replacements are made first, followed by the rest of variable replacements (i.e.
`map_param` is always executed before `replace_param`), and they apply to all the possible parameters of the step:

* context.text
* context.table (each of the cells within the table)
* parameters of the function that implements the step, e.g. `param1` and `param2` in `my_step_impl(context, param1, param2)`

If you implement your own steps, remember to use the `@step` decorator implemented by Toolium to take advantage of
this feature:

.. code:: console

>     from toolium_telefonica.behave import step

Reviewer 2: remove references to toolium_telefonica, in this case, behave import can be used

    @step('my custom step with params "param"')
    def clean_table(context, param):
        # mapping and replacements will be automatically applied
        ...

Type inference
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

By default, the param replacements do not infer primitive types. To enable the type inference
when using the `replace_param` function or the custom `@step` decorator, you have to add the
following configuration:

.. code:: console

    [TestExecution]
    infer_datatypes: true

Both replace_param and map_param methods can be customized by defining your own replace_param method, which must match the replace_param method
signature and return value and assigning it to the corresponding context variable storing the method. However, it is something not recommended unless very well justified. E.g. for replace_param:

.. code:: console

    def custom_replace_param(param, language='es', infer_param_type=True):
        ...
        ...
        return new_param

> and assign it to context.replace_param in your environment, after toolium telefonica before_all has been executed.

Reviewer 2: remove references to toolium_telefonica

.. code:: console

>     from toolium_telefonica.behave.environment import before_all as toolium_before_all

Reviewer 2: remove references to toolium_telefonica
